PD-2231 / 25.10 / PD-2231-we-should-set-user-expectations-appropriately-for-managing-co… (by linzi-ix) (#4203)
truenas/documentation: static/includes/BootPoolRecoveryProcess.md

### Important Considerations

{{< hint type=warning >}}

> By default, TrueNAS creates a new boot environment when you update or reinstall the system, and changes made in a previous boot environment do not automatically appear in a new environment after updates or reinstallation. Because of this, the recovery process depends entirely on having a current configuration backup saved externally. Boot pool failures result in a complete loss of system configuration if no backup exists.

Reviewer: This sounds wrong. It makes me think my boot environment does not keep my changes after an upgrade.
How about this instead: 
```suggestion
By default, TrueNAS creates a new boot environment when you update or reinstall the system, but if you revert to an earlier environment and make changes,  those changes do not carry into the newer environment. Because of this, the recovery process depends entirely on having a current configuration backup saved externally. Boot pool failures result in a complete loss of system configuration if no backup exists.
```
